# PaySA
This project aims at developing a digital payment platform and creating a payment gateway that offers comprehensive payment services for its customers. Pay-sa is a mobile commerce platform, offering its customers a digital wallet to store money and make quick payments. It requires users to create password protected accounts; that store information such as their name, mobile number, E-mail address, wallet balance, bank account details and net banking details; in order to carry out day to day transactions in a safe and convenient environment. The program stores a database of all its customers which contains all information stored by each account, with the application of file handling. The customer can edit most of this information, barring some invariable details, at any point in time. Due to lack of connectivity to the actual bank database at the current stage, the program creates a virtual bank database which requires the user to input his/her bank balance manually. The bank balance of the registered customers can be monitored and updated by a bank employee by logging in with the unique Bank User ID ( currently set as “bank1234” ) and password ( currently set as “1234bank” ). The customers can transfer money from their bank account to their digital wallet and vice-versa or from their digital wallet to any other customer’s digital wallet or bank account. Payments can be made conveniently using this program by transferring money from one person’s digital wallet to the intended recipient’s digital wallet or bank account, provided both the sender and the recipient are Pay-sa account holders. In addition to providing a platform for easy payment, Pay-sa also allows its users to request money/payment from other users by sending request messages. The program also stores a list of transactions made in the past ( up to a certain maximum limit ) by the customer, for future reference, in the form of a passbook. Each passbook entry includes the amount transferred and the details of the recipient ( name, mobile number, etc. ). Such a program can help minimize the use of cash in monetary transactions and in turn minimize the flow of black money in the market and promote transparency in finances.
